gui.rpy
gui.rpyc
options.rpy
options.rpyc
screens.rpy
screens.rpyc
script.rpy
script.rpyc
start.rpy
start.rpy.bak
start.rpyc
bgm\AAA_maoudamashii_8bit29.mp3
bgm\Bossbattle_bgm_maoudamashii_fantasy11.mp3
bgm\Cafella_bgm_maoudamashii_acoustic51.mp3
bgm\Conversation_bgm_maoudamashii_cyber13.ogg
bgm\Credits_bgm_maoudamashii_8bit08.mp3
bgm\Down_bgm_maoudamashii_cyber17.ogg
bgm\Enemy_bgm_maoudamashii_cyber19.ogg
bgm\Fight_bgm_maoudamashii_cyber14.ogg
bgm\Homepage_game_maoudamashii_5_town15.mp3
bgm\Pre-BossBattle_bgm_maoudamashii_8bit25.mp3
bgm\Pre-Fight_bgm_maoudamashii_cyber01.ogg
bgm\Relax_bgm_maoudamashii_healing15.ogg
bgm\Relieve_bgm_maoudamashii_acoustic52.mp3
bgm\Roam_game_maoudamashii_5_town18.mp3
bgm\Shop_bgm_maoudamashii_acoustic41.mp3
bgm\Sunset_bgm_maoudamashii_acoustic42.mp3
bgm\Town2.ogg
bgm\bgm_maoudamashii_cyber16.mp3
bgm\bgm_maoudamashii_cyber36.mp3
bgm\downtime_bgm_maoudamashii_8bit17.mp3
bgm\ost\BOSSBATTLE-A_by-Noyemi_K.ogg
bgm\ost\BOSSBATTLE-C_by_StarryMarshmell_0.ogg
bgm\ost\BOSSBATTLE-V-Loop_by-StarryMarshmell_0.ogg
bgm\ost\BOSSBATTLE-V_by-StarryMarshmell_0.ogg
bgm\ost\Battle_Theme_Raseruu_7.0.mp3
bgm\ost\Cover_01.jpg
bgm\ost\Date_A.mp3
bgm\ost\Date_B.mp3
bgm\ost\Discussion-RLD_05-by- NoyemiK_.mp3
bgm\ost\Grid_noyemi_K.mp3
bgm\ost\Grid_noyemi_K.ogg
bgm\ost\ILY's_Theme.mp3
bgm\ost\ILY's_Theme_battle.mp3
bgm\ost\ILY's_Theme_game.mp3
bgm\ost\Serious_Noyemi_K.ogg
cache\bytecode.rpyb
cache\pyanalysis.rpyb
cache\screens.rpyb
cache\shaders.txt
code\EnterVira.rpy
code\EnterVira.rpyc
code\Maps.rpy
code\Maps.rpy.bak
code\Maps.rpyc
code\Mapsdefine.rpy
code\Mapsdefine.rpyc
code\Maptalks.rpy
code\Maptalks.rpyc
code\Movement.rpy
code\Movement.rpy.bak
code\Movement.rpyc
code\Movement2.rpy
code\Movement2.rpyc
code\card.rpy
code\card.rpyc
code\characters.rpy
code\characters.rpyc
code\combine.rpy
code\combine.rpyc
code\inventory.rpy
code\inventory.rpyc
code\items.rpy
code\items.rpyc
code\pausemenu.rpy
code\pausemenu.rpy.bak
code\pausemenu.rpyc
code\pausemenu2.rpy
code\pausemenu2.rpyc
code\rpg.rpy
code\rpg.rpyc
code\scriptloop.rpy
code\scriptloop.rpy.bak
code\scriptloop.rpyc
code\shop.rpy
code\shop.rpyc
code\transitions.rpy
code\transitions.rpyc
code\battle\battlecry.rpy
code\battle\battlecry.rpyc
code\battle\battlefxn.rpy
code\battle\battlefxn.rpy.bak
code\battle\battlefxn.rpyc
code\battle\battlescript.rpy
code\battle\battlescript.rpyc
code\battle\battlev2_objects.rpy
code\battle\battlev2_objects.rpyc
code\battle\battlev3_flow_screens.rpy
code\battle\battlev3_flow_screens.rpy.bak
code\battle\battlev3_flow_screens.rpyc
code\script\script1.rpy
code\script\script1.rpy.bak
code\script\script1.rpyc
code\script\script2.rpy
code\script\script2.rpyc
code\tsv\Combination.tsv
font\Censor.ttf
font\DejaVuSans.ttf
font\Futura.ttc
font\HelveticaNeue.dfont
font\StoneSans.ttf
font\adventpro-bold.ttf
font\adventpro-medium.ttf
font\alpha_echo.ttf
font\lucon.ttf
font\lucon0.ttf
font\timeburnernormal.ttf
gui\Execute.png
gui\Execute_hover.png
gui\ILYgameover.png
gui\Maoudamashii.png
gui\Softwarcover.png
gui\bar.png
gui\barblue.png
gui\bit.png
gui\bit2.png
gui\bit_empty.png
gui\credits.png
gui\ctc.png
gui\frame copy.png
gui\frame.png
gui\frame2.png
gui\frame3.png
gui\framefxn.png
gui\framefxn2.png
gui\frameopaque.png
gui\framew.png
gui\game_menu.png
gui\heal_bit.png
gui\logo.png
gui\logo1.png
gui\main_menu.png
gui\messagebox.png
gui\messagehover.png
gui\namebox.png
gui\notify.png
gui\nvl.png
gui\skip.png
gui\softcover.png
gui\softwar_logo.png
gui\textbox.png
gui\window_icon.png
gui\zenny.png
gui\bar\.DS_Store
gui\bar\bottom.png
gui\bar\framefxn.png
gui\bar\left.png
gui\bar\right.png
gui\bar\top.png
gui\battlests\Ammo.png
gui\battlests\BoostATK.png
gui\battlests\BoostDEF.png
gui\battlests\Empty.png
gui\battlests\Saber.png
gui\battlests\boosthpmax.png
gui\battlests\burn.png
gui\battlests\dropatk.png
gui\battlests\dropdef.png
gui\battlests\drophpmax.png
gui\battlests\email.png
gui\battlests\evade.png
gui\battlests\freeze.png
gui\battlests\iconbattlests copy.png
gui\battlests\iconbattlests.psd
gui\battlests\regenhp.png
gui\battlests\regensp.png
gui\battlests\token.png
gui\battlests\unused\BoostMAG.png
gui\battlests\unused\blastdown.png
gui\battlests\unused\blastup.png
gui\battlests\unused\bombdown.png
gui\battlests\unused\bombup.png
gui\battlests\unused\slashdown.png
gui\battlests\unused\slashup.png
gui\button\.DS_Store
gui\button\check_foreground.png
gui\button\check_selected_foreground.png
gui\button\choice_hover_background.png
gui\button\choice_idle_background.png
gui\button\hover_background.png
gui\button\idle_background.png
gui\button\quick_hover_background.png
gui\button\quick_idle_background.png
gui\button\radio_foreground.png
gui\button\radio_selected_foreground.png
gui\button\slot_hover_background.png
gui\button\slot_idle_background.png
gui\game_menu\.DS_Store
gui\game_menu\About.png
gui\game_menu\Extras.png
gui\game_menu\Load.png
gui\game_menu\Save.png
gui\game_menu\Settings.png
gui\game_menu\game_menu.png
gui\game_menu\options ILYphantom.png
gui\game_menu\options ILYtext.png
gui\game_menu\options whiteframe.png
gui\game_menu\save load slot.png
gui\main_menu\.DS_Store
gui\main_menu\Envelope.png
gui\main_menu\background.jpg
gui\main_menu\main menu ILY text.png
gui\main_menu\main menu ILY.png
gui\main_menu\main menu ILYphantom.png
gui\main_menu\main menu Softwar Logo.png
gui\main_menu\main menu TeamKizuna.png
gui\main_menu\main menu bg.png
gui\main_menu\main menu bg2.png
gui\main_menu\main menu bglayer1.png
gui\main_menu\main menu bglayer2.png
gui\overlay\confirm.png
gui\overlay\game_menu.png
gui\overlay\main_menu.png
gui\phone\.DS_Store
gui\phone\buttonA.png
gui\phone\buttonB.png
gui\phone\buttonX.png
gui\phone\buttonY.png
gui\phone\direction.png
gui\phone\frame.png
gui\phone\frame2.png
gui\phone\frame3.png
gui\phone\framefxn.png
gui\phone\nvl.png
gui\phone\textbox.png
gui\phone\bar\bottom.png
gui\phone\bar\left.png
gui\phone\bar\right.png
gui\phone\bar\top.png
gui\phone\button\check_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\check_selected_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\choice_hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\choice_idle_background.png
gui\phone\button\hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\idle_background.png
gui\phone\button\radio_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\radio_selected_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\slot_hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\slot_idle_background.png
gui\phone\overlay\game_menu.png
gui\phone\overlay\main_menu.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\rpgmenu\battleware.png
gui\rpgmenu\battleware_h.png
gui\rpgmenu\fai.png
gui\rpgmenu\fai_h.png
gui\rpgmenu\frame1.png
gui\rpgmenu\frame2.png
gui\rpgmenu\items.png
gui\rpgmenu\items_h.png
gui\rpgmenu\load.png
gui\rpgmenu\load_h.png
gui\rpgmenu\mail.png
gui\rpgmenu\mail_h.png
gui\rpgmenu\options.png
gui\rpgmenu\options_h.png
gui\rpgmenu\plugins.png
gui\rpgmenu\plugins_h.png
gui\rpgmenu\return.png
gui\rpgmenu\return_h.png
gui\rpgmenu\saveload.png
gui\rpgmenu\saveload_h.png
gui\scrollbar\.DS_Store
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png
images\battle\BoostATK.png
images\battle\BoostDEF.png
images\battle\BoostMAG.png
images\battle\Broken.png
images\battle\Burned.png
images\battle\Emailed.png
images\battle\Frozen.png
images\battle\Heal_bit.png
images\battle\Heal_light.png
images\battle\POW_Up.png
images\battle\SPD_Up.png
images\battle\Shield_bit.png
images\battle\Shield_light.png
images\battle\bar.png
images\battle\battlering.png
images\battle\battleroad.png
images\battle\curve1.png
images\battle\curve2.png
images\battle\curve3.png
images\battle\curve4.png
images\battle\dmgeffect1.png
images\battle\dmgeffect2.png
images\battle\dmgeffect3.png
images\battle\effects\effects.png
images\battle\effects\effects.psd
images\battle\effects\lightning1.png
images\battle\effects\lightning2.png
images\battle\effects\lightning3.png
images\battle\effects\lightning4.png
images\battle\effects\lightning5.png
images\battle\effects\lightning6.png
images\battle\Enemies\Ave.png
images\battle\Enemies\Code Red.png
images\battle\Enemies\Keylogger.png
images\battle\Enemies\Melissa.png
images\battle\Enemies\Ransomware.png
images\battle\Enemies\Rootkit.png
images\battle\Enemies\Spyware.png
images\battle\Enemies\Trojan Horse.png
images\battle\Enemies\Vira.png
images\battle\Enemies\Worm.png
images\battle\Enemies\battle_CodeRed-Drake.png
images\battle\flashpanel\Ave.png
images\battle\flashpanel\CodeRed.png
images\battle\flashpanel\CodeRedWormDrake.png
images\battle\flashpanel\ILY.png
images\battle\flashpanel\Melissa.png
images\battle\flashpanel\Vira.png
images\battle\flashpanel\bar.png
images\battle\flashpanel\diamondblue.png
images\battle\flashpanel\diamondred.png
images\battle\flashpanel\diamondwhite.png
images\battle\flashpanel\frame.png
images\Cafella\CoffeeShop_AFTERN_30.jpg
images\Cafella\CoffeeShop_SATURATED_21.jpg
images\Cafella\CoffeeShop_SATURATED_22.jpg
images\Cafella\CoffeeShop_SATURATED_23-1.jpg
images\Cafella\CoffeeShop_SATURATED_24.jpg
images\Cafella\CoffeeShop_SATURATED_25.jpg
images\Cafella\CoffeeShop_SATURATED_26.jpg
images\Cafella\CoffeeShop_SATURATED_27.jpg
images\Cafella\CoffeeShop_SATURATED_28.jpg
images\Cafella\CoffeeShop_SATURATED_29.jpg
images\Cafella\CoffeeShop_SATURATED_30-1.jpg
images\Cafella\CoffeeShop_SATURATED_30-2.jpg
images\Cards\Assault.png
images\Cards\Bitbuster.png
images\Cards\Blocksaber.png
images\Cards\Breaksaber.png
images\Cards\BruteForce.png
images\Cards\CARDblank.png
images\Cards\CARDblank2.png
images\Cards\ChocolateBar.png
images\Cards\CursorClaw.png
images\Cards\DataBomb.png
images\Cards\DataBuster.png
images\Cards\DataDrill.png
images\Cards\DataForce.png
images\Cards\Datasaber.png
images\Cards\Empty.png
images\Cards\FiberSword.png
images\Cards\Firewall.png
images\Cards\FlameSaber.png
images\Cards\HeartBurn.png
images\Cards\Katana.png
images\Cards\LambdaSaber.png
images\Cards\Laserbeam.png
images\Cards\MailSaber.png
images\Cards\Powersol.png
images\Cards\RecursiveSlash.png
images\Cards\SaberDeflect.png
images\Cards\SaberDeflect.psd
images\Cards\Shieldbit.png
images\Cards\SpamAtk.png
images\Cards\SparkBuster.png
images\Cards\V-Flame.png
images\Cards\V-Shot.png
images\Cards\V-Slash.png
images\Cards\X-Axess.png
images\Cards\cardback.png
images\Cards\cardbacksmall.png
images\Cards\cardreturn.png
images\Cards\chocolate-bar-image-11525994759o2tngdgsmz.png
images\Cards\datadrill example.png
images\Cards\fxn-Break.png
images\Cards\fxn-Damage.png
images\Cards\fxn-Firewall.png
images\Cards\fxn-Freeze.png
images\Cards\fxn-Recover.png
images\Cards\fxn-Tgt.png
images\Cards\ring.png
images\Cards\ring2.png
images\Cards\selectring.png
images\Cards\cardbit\0.png
images\Cards\cardbit\1.png
images\Cards\cardbit\10.png
images\Cards\cardbit\2.png
images\Cards\cardbit\3.png
images\Cards\cardbit\4.png
images\Cards\cardbit\5.png
images\Cards\cardbit\6.png
images\Cards\cardbit\7.png
images\Cards\cardbit\8.png
images\Cards\cardbit\9.png
images\Cards\Items\LargeEnergy.png
images\Cards\Items\Material.png
images\Cards\Items\MediumEnergy.png
images\Cards\Items\SmallEnergy.png
images\Cards\Items\Softdrink.png
images\Cards\Items\Unlocker.png
images\Cards\Items\empty.png
images\Cards\Items\itemicon.psd
images\Cards\plugins\Ruby Revolver.png
images\Characters\Alicia\Alicia.psd
images\Characters\Ave\Ave-whitebg.png
images\Characters\Ave\Ave.png
images\Characters\Ave\Ave_emad.png
images\Characters\Ave\Ave_enormal.png
images\Characters\Ave\Ave_eyes.png
images\Characters\Ave\Ave_mfrown.png
images\Characters\Ave\Ave_mspeak1.png
images\Characters\Ave\Ave_mspeak2.png
images\Characters\Ave\Avebase.png
images\Characters\Ave\Aveportrait.png
images\Characters\Ave\Aveshades.png
images\Characters\Ave\directions\.DS_Store
images\Characters\Ave\directions\Avastback.png
images\Characters\Ave\directions\Avastfront.png
images\Characters\Ave\directions\Avastleft.png
images\Characters\Ave\directions\Avastright.png
images\Characters\Bella\EvatK3jVIAEx8cU.jfif
images\Characters\Bella\image0.png
images\Characters\Code Red\CODE RED.png
images\Characters\Code Red\CODE RED.psd
images\Characters\Code Red\CODE RED_base.png
images\Characters\Code Red\CODE RED_mclosed.png
images\Characters\Code Red\CODE RED_mopen1.png
images\Characters\Code Red\CODE RED_mopen2.png
images\Characters\Code Red\CODE REDnobg.png
images\Characters\Code Red\CODERED.png
images\Characters\Code Red\MODE RED W.png
images\Characters\Code Red\MODE RED W2.png
images\Characters\Code Red\MODE RED WD.png
images\Characters\Code Red\MODE RED.jpg
images\Characters\Code Red\MODE RED.png
images\Characters\Code Red\MODE RED2.png
images\Characters\Code Red\MODE RED3.png
images\Characters\Code Red\MODE RED4.png
images\Characters\Code Red\MODE RED5.png
images\Characters\Code Red\MODE RED6.png
images\Characters\Eve\Eve.psd
images\Characters\HackerX\HackerX.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert.psd
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_base.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_eyebrows_down.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_eyebrows_down2.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_eyebrows_up.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_eyebrows_up2.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_eyes.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_eyes_closed.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_eyes_lookaway.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_eyes_lookaway_midclose.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_eyes_midclose.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_mouth_O.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_mouth_O2.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_mouth_frown.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_mouth_frown_midopen.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_mouth_frown_open.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_mouth_smile.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_mouth_smile_midopen.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbert_mouth_smile_open.png
images\Characters\Hilbert\Hilbertb.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY nobg_by_Torakun.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY2.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_2eyes.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_2eyesclosed.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_2eyesmclosed.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_Alpha_game.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_e01.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_e02.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_e11.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_e12.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_e21.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_e22.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_eyes.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_eyesclosed.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_eyesmclosed.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_game.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_heart0.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_heart1.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_heart2.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_m2O.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_m2O2.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_m2frown.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_m2smile.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_m2smile2.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_m2smile3.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_mO.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_mO2.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_mfrown.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_mmidopen.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_msmile.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_msmile2.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_msmile3.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_p0.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_p1.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILY_p2.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILYdown.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILYjump.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILYleft.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILYright.png
images\Characters\ILY\ILYup.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\.DS_Store
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_2eyes.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_2eyesclosed.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_2eyesmclosed.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_e01.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_e02.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_e11.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_e12.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_e21.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_e22.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_eyes.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_eyesclosed.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_eyesmclosed.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_heart0.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_heart1.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_heart2.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_m2O.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_m2O2.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_m2happy.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_m2happy2.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_m2happy3.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_m2sad.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_mO.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_mO2.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_mhappy.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_mhappy2.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_mhappy3.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_mmidopen.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_msad.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_p0.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_p1.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILY_p2.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILYdown.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILYjump.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILYleft.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILYright.png
images\Characters\ILY\small\ILYup.png
images\Characters\John\John 2.psd
images\Characters\John\John.png
images\Characters\John\John_base.png
images\Characters\John\John_eyebrows_mad.png
images\Characters\John\John_eyebrows_normal.png
images\Characters\John\John_eyebrows_up.png
images\Characters\John\John_eyes.png
images\Characters\John\John_eyes_closed.png
images\Characters\John\John_eyes_midclose.png
images\Characters\John\John_glasses.png
images\Characters\John\John_mouth_O.png
images\Characters\John\John_mouth_O2.png
images\Characters\John\John_mouth_frown.png
images\Characters\John\John_mouth_frown_midopen.png
images\Characters\John\John_mouth_frown_open.png
images\Characters\John\John_mouth_midopen.png
images\Characters\John\John_mouth_open.png
images\Characters\John\John_mouth_smile.png
images\Characters\John\John_mouth_smile_midopen.png
images\Characters\John\John_mouth_smile_open.png
images\Characters\John\Johnb.png
images\Characters\John\Johncorrectsize.psd
images\Characters\Lisa\Lisa.jpg
images\Characters\Lisa\Lisa.png
images\Characters\Lisa\Lisa.psd
images\Characters\Lisa\Lisa_eclose1.png
images\Characters\Lisa\Lisa_eclose2.png
images\Characters\Lisa\Lisa_emad.png
images\Characters\Lisa\Lisa_enormal.png
images\Characters\Lisa\Lisa_eyes.png
images\Characters\Lisa\Lisa_mfrown.png
images\Characters\Lisa\Lisa_mopen1.png
images\Characters\Lisa\Lisa_mopen2.png
images\Characters\Lisa\Lisa_mopen3.png
images\Characters\Lisa\Lisa_msmile.png
images\Characters\Lisa\Lisa_msmile2.png
images\Characters\Lisa\Lisa_msmile3.png
images\Characters\Lisa\Lisabase.png
images\Characters\Lisa\lisaglasses.psd
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissa.png
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissa_base.png
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissa_edown.png
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissa_enormal.png
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissa_eup.png
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissa_eyes.png
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissa_eyesclose1.png
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissa_eyesclose2.png
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissa_full.png
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissa_mfrown.png
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissa_mopen.png
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissa_mopen1.png
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissa_mopenD.png
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissa_mopensmile.png
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissa_msmile.png
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissa_msmile2.png
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissasprite.psd
images\Characters\Melissa\Melissasprite2.psd
images\Characters\Nick\Nick.psd
images\Characters\Nick\Nick_base.png
images\Characters\Nick\Nick_eyebrows_down.png
images\Characters\Nick\Nick_eyebrows_up.png
images\Characters\Nick\Nick_eyes.png
images\Characters\Nick\Nick_eyes_closed.png
images\Characters\Nick\Nick_eyes_midclose.png
images\Characters\Nick\Nick_hair.png
images\Characters\Nick\Nick_mouth_frown.png
images\Characters\Nick\Nick_mouth_frown_midopen.png
images\Characters\Nick\Nick_mouth_frown_open.png
images\Characters\Nick\Nick_mouth_smile.png
images\Characters\Nick\Nick_mouth_smile_midopen.png
images\Characters\Nick\Nick_mouth_smile_open.png
images\Characters\Softwares\Network-chan.png
images\Characters\Softwares\Network-chan2.png
images\Characters\Softwares\Power-kun.png
images\Characters\Softwares\Power-kun2.png
images\Characters\Softwares\Power-kun3.png
images\Characters\Softwares\Software-kun.png
images\Characters\Softwares\USB-chan1.png
images\Characters\Softwares\USB-chan2.png
images\Characters\Softwares\USB-kun1.png
images\Characters\Softwares\USB-kun2.png
images\Characters\Stoned\Stoned.png
images\Characters\Stoned\Stoned.psd
images\Characters\Stoned\Stoned_base.png
images\Characters\Stoned\Stoned_enormal.png
images\Characters\Stoned\Stoned_eup.png
images\Characters\Stoned\Stoned_eyes.png
images\Characters\Stoned\Stoned_eyes2.png
images\Characters\Stoned\Stoned_eyes3.png
images\Characters\Stoned\Stoned_glass.PNG
images\Characters\Stoned\Stoned_guns.png
images\Characters\Stoned\Stoned_mhappy.png
images\Characters\Stoned\Stoned_mopen1.PNG
images\Characters\Stoned\Stoned_mopen2.PNG
images\Characters\Stoned\Stoned_mopenO.PNG
images\Characters\Stoned\Stoned_mopenU.PNG
images\Characters\Stoned\Stoned_msad.png
images\Characters\Stoned\Stoned\.DS_Store
images\Characters\Tabby\Tabby copy.png
images\Characters\Tabby\Tabby.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_emad.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_enormal.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_eup.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_eye_left.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_eye_left_closed.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_eye_left_miclose.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_eye_left_midclose.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_eye_right.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_eye_right_closed.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_eye_right_midclose.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_eyes_1closed.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_eyes_happy.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_eyes_left.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_eyes_open.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_eyes_rightclosed.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_mfrown.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_mfrown2.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_mfrown3.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_msmile.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_msmile2.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_msmile3.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_p.png
images\Characters\Vira\Vira_sprite.psd
images\Characters\Vira\Viraeright.png
images\computer\Download Complete.png
images\computer\Download-heart.png
images\computer\E-mail.png
images\computer\Folder.png
images\computer\Folders.png
images\computer\ILOVEYOU.png
images\computer\Webpage.png
images\computer\blackwindow.png
images\computer\blackwindow2.png
images\computer\explorer.png
images\computer\iconalert.png
images\computer\mouse.png
images\computer\top_menu.png
images\computer\top_menu_ground.png
images\computer\top_menu_hover (1).png
images\computer\top_menu_hover(1).png
images\computer\top_menu_hover(2).png
images\computer\top_menu_hover.png
images\computer\transition_heart_wide.png
images\computer\transition_text.png
images\computer\white_noise.png
images\computer\white_noise2.png
images\computer\white_noise3.png
images\computer\whitewindow.png
images\John's room\Bed.jpg
images\John's room\Bed2.jpg
images\John's room\Bed3.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_AFTERN_03.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_AFTERN_04.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_AFTERN_05.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_AFTERN_06.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_AFTERN_07.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_AFTERN_08.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_AFTERN_09.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_AFTERN_10.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_AFTERN_11.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_AFTERN_12.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_AFTERN_13.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_AFTERN_14.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_AFTERN_15.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_AFTERN_16.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_AFTERN_17.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_AFTERN_18.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_AFTERN_19.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_NIGHT_02.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_NIGHT_04.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_NIGHT_05.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_NIGHT_06.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_NIGHT_07.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_NIGHT_08.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_NIGHT_09.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_NIGHT_10.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_NIGHT_11.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_NIGHT_12.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_NIGHT_13.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_NIGHT_14.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_NIGHT_15.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_NIGHT_16.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_NIGHT_17.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_NIGHT_18.jpg
images\John's room\Bedroom_NIGHT_19.jpg
images\John's room\Door.jpg
images\John's room\Door_afternoon.jpg
images\John's room\Door_night.jpg
images\John's room\Kitchen.jpg
images\John's room\Kitchen_afternoon.jpg
images\John's room\PC1.jpg
images\John's room\PC2.jpg
images\John's room\Space1.jpg
images\John's room\Space2.jpg
images\John's room\Space2_Night.jpg
images\John's room\Space3.jpg
images\John's room\rebgsoftwarbedroom (1).zip
images\John's room\rebgsoftwarbedroom.zip
images\rpg\overworld.rar
images\rpg\overworld\Aidown.png
images\rpg\overworld\Avedown.png
images\rpg\overworld\Aveleft.png
images\rpg\overworld\Averight.png
images\rpg\overworld\Aveup.png
images\rpg\overworld\Belladown.png
images\rpg\overworld\Bitwulffront.PNG
images\rpg\overworld\Bitwulfleft.PNG
images\rpg\overworld\Bitwulfright.PNG
images\rpg\overworld\Bitwulfup.PNG
images\rpg\overworld\Braindown.png
images\rpg\overworld\CodeReddown.png
images\rpg\overworld\Doropiedown.png
images\rpg\overworld\Folder.png
images\rpg\overworld\Heartdown.png
images\rpg\overworld\Herbydown.png
images\rpg\overworld\ILYdown.png
images\rpg\overworld\ILYleft.png
images\rpg\overworld\ILYright.png
images\rpg\overworld\ILYup.png
images\rpg\overworld\Melissadown.png
images\rpg\overworld\ProgramChan.png
images\rpg\overworld\ProgramKun2down.png
images\rpg\overworld\ProgramKundown.png
images\rpg\overworld\Stelladown.png
images\rpg\overworld\Stellaright.png
images\rpg\overworld\Tabbydown.png
images\rpg\overworld\Takadown.png
images\rpg\overworld\Taudown.png
images\rpg\overworld\Vira.png
images\rpg\overworld\Viradown.png
images\rpg\overworld\Yamidown.png
images\rpg\overworld\bg.png
images\rpg\overworld\bgsparkle.png
images\rpg\overworld\bgsparkle2.png
images\rpg\overworld\object.png
images\rpg\overworld\object2.png
images\rpg\overworld\objectd.png
images\rpg\overworld\overworldILY.rar
images\rpg\overworld\storyevent.png
images\rpg\tile\Tilebg.png
saves\.gitIgnore
saves\1-6-LT1.save
saves\_reload-2-LT1.save
saves\auto-1-LT1.save
saves\auto-10-LT1.save
saves\auto-2-LT1.save
saves\auto-3-LT1.save
saves\auto-4-LT1.save
saves\auto-5-LT1.save
saves\auto-6-LT1.save
saves\auto-7-LT1.save
saves\auto-8-LT1.save
saves\navigation.json
saves\persistent
sfx\Bust.wav
sfx\Damage.wav
sfx\Damage2.wav
sfx\boost.wav
sfx\bumpintowall_X5CNQPB.mp3
sfx\door-fr_0009.wav
sfx\fire.wav
sfx\frz.wav
sfx\heal.ogg
sfx\healx.ogg
sfx\noise.wav
sfx\select.wav
sfx\sfx-fwasshing.wav
sfx\sfx_coin_cluster6.wav
sfx\sfx_damage_hit4.wav
sfx\sfx_damage_hit8.wav
sfx\sfx_exp_medium8.wav
sfx\sfx_exp_odd3.wav
sfx\sfx_exp_short_hard12.wav
sfx\sfx_exp_short_hard8.wav
sfx\sfx_exp_short_hard9.wav
sfx\sfx_movement_footstepsloop4_fast.wav
sfx\sfx_sounds_interaction24.wav
sfx\sfx_sounds_powerup16.wav
sfx\sfx_sounds_powerup4.wav
sfx\slash.wav
sfx\swing.wav
sound\Damage.wav
sound\Execute.wav
sound\Phase.wav
sound\click.wav
sound\hover.wav
sound\swing.wav
sound\character\blip.wav
sound\character\high.ogg
sound\character\low.ogg
sound\character\low.wav
sound\character\mid.ogg
sound\character\mid.wav
sound\character\mid2.ogg
sound\character\sfx-blipfemale.wav
sound\character\sfx-blipmale.wav
tl\None\common.rpym
tl\None\common.rpymc
voice\ILY01 - It's ILY~.mp3
voice\ILY01E - It's ILY~.mp3
voice\ILY03 - Clear as a gigabyte!.mp3
voice\ILY03B - Clear as a gigabyte!.mp3
voice\ILY05 - Swing light sword sounds.mp3
voice\ILY05B - Swing light sword sounds.mp3
voice\ILY05C - Swing medium sword sounds.mp3
voice\ILY05D - Swing heavy sword sounds.mp3
voice\ILY07B - Thanks.mp3
voice\ILY08 - This attack, receive it!.mp3
voice\ILY10E - Thank you for playing demo.mp3
voice\ILY11C - I'll show you.mp3
voice\ILY16 - Cough.mp3
voice\ILY17D - Gasp.mp3
voice\ILY18 - No.mp3
voice\ILY21C - Hmph.mp3
voice\ILY22 - Giggle.mp3
voice\ILY22C - Giggle.mp3
voice\ILY24B - Break down & disappear!.mp3
voice\ILY26 - I won't let you.mp3
voice\Ave_voice\ErinEvansWalker_Ave.ogg
voice\Ave_voice\Eugh!.ogg
voice\Ave_voice\Euh!.ogg
voice\Ave_voice\Hah!.ogg
voice\Ave_voice\Heeaah.ogg
voice\Ave_voice\Hhaagh.ogg
voice\Ave_voice\Hrrah!.ogg
voice\Ave_voice\I'm-The-Ultimate-Antivirus.ogg
voice\Ave_voice\It's Over, ILY!.ogg
voice\Ave_voice\No, I won't lose!.ogg
voice\Ave_voice\Pathetic-You-think-you-can-erase-me.ogg
voice\Ave_voice\hurt\Eugh!.ogg
voice\Ave_voice\hurt\Euh!.ogg
voice\hurt\ILY05B - Swing light sword sounds.wav
voice\hurt\ILY05D - Swing heavy sword sounds.wav
voice\hurt\ILY12 - Bullet Grazed, punched or hit.mp3
voice\hurt\ILY12B - Bullet Grazed, punched or hit.mp3
voice\hurt\ILY12H - Bullet Grazed, punched or hit.mp3
voice\hurt\ILY12H - Bullet Grazed, punched or hit.wav
voice\hurt\ILY12I - Bullet Grazed, punched or hit.mp3
voice\hurt\ILY12J - Bullet Grazed, punched or hit.mp3
voice\hurt\ILY12J - Bullet Grazed, punched or hit.wav
voice\hurt\ILY13B - Light Bullet Grazed, punched or hit.mp3
voice\hurt\ILY13B - Light Bullet Grazed, punched or hit.wav
voice\hurt\ILY13C - Light Bullet Grazed, punched or hit.mp3
voice\hurt\ILY13C - Light Bullet Grazed, punched or hit.wav
voice\hurt\ILY13D - Light Bullet Grazed, punched or hit.mp3
voice\hurt\ILY13D - Light Bullet Grazed, punched or hit.wav
voice\hurt\ILY14H - Fall.mp3
voice\hurt\ILY14H - Fall.wav
voice\hurt\ILY14I - Fall.mp3
voice\hurt\ILY14I - Fall.wav
